Had a hard time getting Bootstrap to work
    used a custom download of bootstrap that just includes the scafolding
        https://getbootstrap.com/docs/3.4/customize/ 
        this seemed to include a lot of other things
    tried just coding, but too complex
    tried to include via https://www.bootstrapcdn.com/
        tried full and it did not work, put in head and before body close
        put just the css in the head and it worked
Map height was tricky, using a percentage did not work
    used vh as in height:80vh;
    here is the link to css measurement units
    https://www.w3schools.com/cssref/css_units.asp
Got error about $ not being defined in my other js files
    searched all about multiple js files and dependencies
    then realized I called my custom js files before the jQuery
Sidebar and map js files were not working
    finally figured out it is was because they were called before the map was created
    also had to update the code using find/replace for the id of the map div
Tiles were not loading from mapbox
    Figured out had to go to share/use and pick use, then third party and pick carto to get the xyz url that leaflet wants
Trying to figure out how to store and load json data. Should each thing be a separate file? You can create a variable with the json data and add it to the map using L.geoJSON(yorkGeoJSON).addTo(map); but this only works if the json data is pasted into the file. To get the json file as a standalone? What if I use jquery? $.getJSON(guinea, handleGeoJSON)like here https://gist.github.com/blahah/167a363844326c2192d7ab0ff32ad8d0  but got CORS error. Decided to just build js files for each. But now can't find where you set the properties like the blue line.
    
    
Data Tools: Data tools are available: geojsonlint, geojson.io, Mapster Right Hand Rule tool, mapshaper, conversion tools from CSV/Excel to geoJSON and more 
    
    
    Notes for Mapbox
    https://docs.mapbox.com/help/troubleshooting/transition-from-mapbox-js-to-mapbox-gl-js/
    
    
    Notes for data
    https://catalog.data.gov/dataset
    
    